this video we're going to show you
several methods on how to
frag Pele thoas or zoanthids there are
several methods you can use to do this
as in this piece right here I can either
one get it off the pair of snippers or
two we can use a thermal tool and cut
around each piece of a rock or we could
always break it off okay so we'll start
with the just the regular snipping
we'll take our piece to be crying and
we'll go ahead and just snip a real big
part off
get down in the middle
just perch
and that's a bigger way in so if you
want these little smaller pieces off
what we'll do is we'll take the same
snip and you'll find where the rock is
snip one piece there first one with a
one single Peloso
this morning
get a member of my gear
another single
this rocks here
there's a collection on that one
there we have it frag duh if we just
want to take a single like sometimes
we'll get straight A's that fall off
best way to do this is make sure it has
some type of area on the bottom to be
glued with take that piece and dry it
off like this this pally it's got a
little bit of rock on the bottom of it
take our super glue make sure it's super
glue gel and you formerly usually works
or you can use coral balloon and we'll
take our friar plug put a nice good
building
good on their missions kept on so that
you get a roar
take that little piece of the rock and
we'll stick it right down in the middle
of the superglue
and the easiest way to get the superglue
set is to put it back in water and it
should take a 15-20 seconds to start
earning
and then if we want to get real
particular and want to cut single and
you can't really just snip it off I'll
take the thermal tool with the diamond
this bit on it
and that's basically how you can fry a
gave you know just a fairly easy piece
of rock with Hallie so is there